Release/v3 (#712)
commitizen-tools/commitizen: docs/init.md

To start using commitizen, the recommended approach is to run

```sh
cz init
```

This command will ask you for information about the project and will
configure the selected file type (`pyproject.toml`, `.cz.toml`, etc.).

The `init` will help you with

1. Choose a convention rules (`name`)

> 1. Choosing a version provider (`commitizen` or for example `Cargo.toml`)
> 1. Detecting your project's version
> 1. Detecting the tag format used
> 1. Choosing a version type (`semver` or `pep440`)
> 1. Whether to create the changelog automatically or not during bump
> 1. Whether you want to keep the major as zero while building alpha software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choosing a version provider (`commitizen` or for example `Cargo.toml`)
3. Detecting your project's version
4. Detecting the tag format used
5. Choosing a version type (`semver` or `pep440`)
6. Whether to create the changelog automatically or not during bump
7. Whether you want to keep the major as zero while building alpha software.
```

nitpick: even though I know markdown will handle that for us, I still think it would be more readable haha
